Use PUT or PATCH for updates (Issue #21) (#70)
SIDN/ietf-rpp-core: src/draft-wullink-rpp-core.md

## Update Resource

RPP supports two complementary update operations for modifying an existing object instance, each with its own semantics and use cases:

> - **Full update** (HTTP PUT): The client sends a complete replacement representation of the object. The server MUST replace the stored object with the provided representation. Any attributes not present in the request body MUST be treated as absent and cleared or reset to their default values, subject to server policy. The client MUST send all attributes required by the data model, not just the changed ones.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Full update** (HTTP PUT): The client sends a complete replacement representation of the object. The server MUST replace the stored object with the provided representation. Any attributes not present in the request body MUST be treated as absent and cleared or reset to their default values, subject to server policy. The client MUST send all read-write attributes required by the data model, not just the changed ones. The client MUST not send any create-only attributes. 
```

"cleared or reset to their default values" sounds like not deterministic.
I would rather see: reset to their default value or cleared if no such value is defined.

> - **Partial update** (HTTP PATCH): The client sends only the attributes to be modified. The server MUST apply only the changes indicated in the request body and leave all other attributes unchanged. A JSON attribute explicitly set to `null` in the request body signals that the attribute MUST be removed or reset to its default value. Attributes absent from the request body MUST NOT be modified.

Reviewer: This is not what we defined in https://drive.google.com/file/d/1i49XL93v7enqhBQZhuwB_Ca0skBBCOWe/view?usp=sharing

```suggestion
- **Partial update** (HTTP PATCH): The client sends only the attributes to be modified. The server MUST apply only the changes indicated in the request body and leave all other attributes unchanged. Data representation of the partial update payload determines how the changes are transmitted between client and server and applied to the data object.
The client MAY send changes to any read-write attributes defined in the data model. The client MUST not send any create-only attributes. 
```

Author: the rpp-json document will contain the json schema and examples
 for te update request as we defined in the referenced slides
